MARK AS LATE


Our web app is a meetup app for local multiplayer games.
Users can make posts saying they want to host a meetup.

User Instructions:
    Go to top right and select make post to create meetup post
    
    Go to post listing to request an invite to a meetup
    if your invite is accepted, a link to view the post will appear. If you made the post, or are an admin, you can view the post anyways
    You can filter meetup posts on the right side (this does nothing for now).
    You can report inappropriate posts on the page
    
    You can view the detailed page of a meetup post you created or are invited to.
    Users who made a post can edit the info, and invite other users, or delete the post.
        To edit or delete click on the three vertical dots on the right
    Click on usernames to view their profile.
    
    The account page on the top navBar lets you view accounts.
    You can edit the info on your own account EXCEPT for the Member Since field
    Can change password(this does nothing without backend).
    You can report other inappropriate users for any reason
    

Admin Instructions:
    can view the details of a meetup post from homepage immediately. Admins are assumed to join every meetup
    can edit all the info on a meetup post page (the three vertically placed dots on the right)
    can edit all the information on the account page on any account
    can ban/unban users when on their account page
    can change passwords WITHOUT knowing the old password
    reports page shows open reports
        can click on username to view their profile
        the user on a report is the one reported AGAINST, the reporter on this page is anonymous
        can close reports, removing them from the report page
        

user credentials:
    
    this account is the one that made the post on the home page
    username: poster
    password: password
    
    this account did not make any post, and can only view them
    username: post_request
    password: password
    
admin credentials:
    username: admin
    password: password